These are the Fall 2004 WIG benchmarks for Compiler Design.

There are three scripts in this directory.

$ ./cleanup benchmark_list_wig

will remove all generated files and directories.

$ ./compile benchmark_list_wig 2>&1 | tee compile.out

will compile all benchmarks, putting a copy of the output in
compile.out.

$ ./install benchmark_list_wig 2>&1 | tee install.out

will install cgi scripts for all benchmarks, and put a copy of the
output in install.out.  In addition, an index.html file will be placed
in ~/public_html/cgi-bin/ ... this is useful for testing.

Note that you must run the compile script from one of the lab4-x
machines, and the install script from freebsd.cs.mcgill.ca

The wig10 script is identical to Laurie's except with !/bin/sh at the
top instead of !/bin/csh and exists so that I can call it from within
my scripts.

The scripts work in much the same way as described for the JOOS
benchmarks.  You should really read them to make sure you know what
they delete and overwrite.  Outside of this directory,
~/public_html/cgi-bin/ and ~/public_html/img/ are going to be written
to, so back up anything important.

I would also encourage you to modify the scripts for your own testing
purposes as well; even if you aren't familiar with (ba)sh, this isn't
hard (just follow the examples for the other compilers), and will save
you lots of time.

Only those benchmarks that compiled AND installed successfully will
end up in the index.html file.  You should read the compilation AND
installation logs to see what went wrong with existing compilers to
get ideas about the problems involved, and about how you could do
better (we are asking you to compile and install all eleven
benchmarks, something none of these compilers could deal with).
Sometimes they refused to handle certain things (e.g. tuples), other
times they spat out an error message for something that wasn't fatal
but then choked, and in a couple of cases the generated code was not
understandable by gcc.  In general, warnings are much better than
terminal errors, and you should continue as far as possible.

Of course if you want to test other examples than those given, set up
the appropriate directory structure and create a line in a benchmark
list file, following the benchmark_list_wig example.

Let me know about bugs, feel free to send patches, etc.

Cheers,
Chris

P.S.  I couldn't get the style sheet for Group07's benchmark to work
properly, which is sad.  I tried Firefox and Safari.  Expect this to
be updated.
